This is a mirror of http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=5220

Ferret improves Vim's multi-file search in four ways:

1. Powerful multi-file search ~

Ferret provides an |:Ack| command for searching across multiple files using
The Silver Searcher (https://github.com/ggreer/the_silver_searcher), Ack
(http://beyondgrep.com/), or Grep (http://www.gnu.org/software/grep/). Support
for passing options through to the underlying search command exists, along
with the ability to use full regular expression syntax without doing special
escaping.

Shortcut mappings are provided to start an |:Ack| search (<leader>a) or to
search for the word currently under the cursor (<leader>s).

Results are normally displayed in the |quickfix| window, but Ferret also
provides a |:Lack| command that behaves like |:Ack| but uses the
|location-list| instead, and a <leader>l mapping as a shortcut to |:Lack|.

Finally, Ferret offers integration with dispatch.vim
(https://github.com/tpope/vim-dispatch), which enables asynchronous searching
despite the fact that Vim itself is single-threaded.

2. Streamlined multi-file replace ~

The companion to |:Ack| is |:Acks| (mnemonic: "Ack substitute"), which allows
you to run a multi-file replace across all the files placed in the |quickfix|
window by a previous invocation of |:Ack|.

3. Quickfix listing enhancements ~

The |quickfix| listing itself is enhanced with settings to improve its
usability, and natural mappings that allow quick removal of items from the
list (for example, you can reduce clutter in the listing by removing lines
that you don't intend to make changes to).

Additionally, Vim's |:cn|, |:cp|, |:cnf| and |:cpf| commands are tweaked to
make it easier to immediately identify matches by centering them within the
viewport.

4. Easy operations on files in the quickfix listing ~

Finally, Ferret provides a |:Qargs| command that puts the files currently in
the |quickfix| listing into the |:args| list, where they can be operated on in
bulk via the |:argdo| command. This is what's used under the covers by |:Acks|
to do its work.
